*: add a doc for binary package and update download tools page (#9989)
pingcap/docs: binary-package.md

---
title: TiDB Installation Packages
summary: Learn about TiDB installation packages and the specific components included.
---

# TiDB Installation Packages

> Before [deploying TiUP offline](/production-deployment-using-tiup.md#deploy-tiup-offline), navigate to the [official download interface](https://en.pingcap.com/download/) to download the offline mirror packages of the TiDB server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before [deploying TiUP offline](/production-deployment-using-tiup.md#deploy-tiup-offline), you need to download the binary packages of TiDB at the [official download page](https://en.pingcap.com/download/).
```

> TiDB provides two binary offline packages: `TiDB-community-server` and `TiDB-community-toolkit`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB provides two binary packages: `TiDB-community-server` and `TiDB-community-toolkit`
```
Binary packages are for offline deployment by definition.

The `TiDB-community-server` package contains the following contents.

> | Content | Change History |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Content | Change history |
```
See https://developers.google.com/style/capitalization#capitalization-for-tables-in-text

> The `TiDB-community-server` package contains the following components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TiDB-community-server` package contains the following contents.
```
Some of them are not "components", so I think "contents" is more accurate.

> | Component | Change History |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Content | Change History |
```

|---|---|
| tidb-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| tikv-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| tiflash-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| pd-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| ctl-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| grafana-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| alertmanager-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| blackbox_exporter-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| prometheus-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| node_exporter-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| tiup-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| tiup-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| local_install.sh |  |
| cluster-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| insight-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| diag-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz | New in v6.0.0 |
| influxdb-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| playground-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |

The `TiDB-community-toolkit` package contains the following contents.

> | contents | Change History |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Content | Change history |
```

> The `TiDB-community-toolkit` package contains the following components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TiDB-community-toolkit` package contains the following contents.
```

> | Component | Change History |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| contents | Change History |
```

| tidb-lightning-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| tidb-lightning-ctl |  |
| dumpling-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| cdc-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| dm-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| dm-worker-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| dm-master-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| dmctl-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| br-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| spark-{version}-any-any.tar.gz |  |
| tispark-{version}-any-any.tar.gz |  |
| package-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| bench-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| errdoc-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| dba-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| PCC-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| pump-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| drainer-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz |  |
| binlogctl | New in v6.0.0 |
| sync_diff_inspector |  |
| reparo |  |
| arbiter |  |
| mydumper | New in v6.0.0 |
| server-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz | New in v6.2.0 |
| grafana-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz | New in v6.2.0 |
| alertmanager-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz | New in v6.2.0 |
| prometheus-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz | New in v6.2.0 |
| blackbox_exporter-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz | New in v6.2.0  |

> | node_exporter-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz | New in v6.2.0  |

Reviewer: These items are already listed in TiDB-community-server table. Please double check.
